>> Jem Young: All right.
So we do all the fun things.
We know how to search for things.
We know how to search
the side file contents.
Let's talk about redirection just briefly.
Redirection is a thing that you've already
done at least probably once today.
If you just ran this ps aux commanding
greps, you redirect it with a pipe.
You redirected the standard
output into another program and
we just ran through it.
So, there's a few redirection operators.
The ones we use all the time are PIPE, and
this to me is one of the coolest
things about Unix in general and
Linux, is that they have these operators.
They're so powerful because it's a very
simple mindset on how to design systems.
You have standard out, you have
standard in, you have standard error.
So, most commands on Linux
do something with this.
And it's so simple in its elegance
in that there's only three things.
Standard out, what are we outputting?
Standard in,
what are we reading from the file?
If there's an error,
here's what we do with it.
That's it.
That's all the things you have to handle.
So knowing this, how to design systems,
you can write commands that just
read standard out, standard in,
and they're all uniform because
they all follow the same pattern.
Redirection operators,
just a way of changing that.
So we're saying find.
Okay, I have all those files to put out,
I can pipe that into grep,
I can look through all those files.
And then I could just spit that out to
the console, I can write it to a file.
That's the power of redirection operators.
I know, as front-end developers, you're
probably like, yeah, that's pretty cool.
Knowing this and
knowing what you know now,
you can build really complex scripts
you can build really complex things
that are so powerful,
just using standard operators.
Because you're reading to a file, you're
writing to a file, you're handling errors.
That's it.
So, let's do some quick redirection, but
you'll see some a bit later in the course
but these are just so
you know how to do it.
How we write to a file.
Knowing this, we just point to it,
right, send it out to a file.
So, say ps aux foo, go ahead and
give that a shot if you want.
You can just follow along at home.
>> Jem Young: Nothing here,
nothing on my sleeve.
And let's say ps aux and
I'm gonna write to a file called foo.
What's that do?
We can cat foo which exists now and all we
did was write the output into this file.
You say, that's not that useful.
Well it is, because with finding grep
we can actually do file filtering.
We can find all directories,
let's just do it right now.
What was that fancy thing
we did with the logs, yeah.
Let's find all the logs and
lets write this to foolog.
And for cat foolog.
There, we just wrote all
these things to this file.
And if you think, that's trivial,
when am I ever use this,
what do we do most of the time?
We're writing to a file or
we're reading to a file.
Writing to this, reading from this.
That's not the say computer in a nutshell,
but at its core, that's what we do.
So if you know how to master these things,
you can chain a whole bunch of commands
together and
I'll talk about it a bit more later.
How to get more information
on redirection and shells.
Because it gets good.
So can anybody tell me what this does?
I'll go back.
We'd learned what these operators do, read
from standard in, write to standard out.
What does this do?
>> Jem Young: Anyway, take a guess,
there are no wrong answers.
Wrong.
[LAUGH] Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Reads from
foo in to bar then-
>> Jem Young: Other way around.
You have it.
It reads from bar and
it writes, it reads from bar,
puts it in the foo, and
then it spits it out into baz.
That's pretty cool.
So essentially, let's say you
have a configuration file and
you have a script that reads
that configuration file.
And you want to output the logs of foo.
foo just reads configurations and
it takes it from bar.
That's how you do it.
It looks weird, the syntax kinda
just blows your mind a little bit,
but that's really powerful.
That's really cool.
Yes.
>> Speaker 3: Is is the same as bar,
two bars and then two foo?
>> Jem Young: Bar to foo.
>> Speaker 3: So bar greater than bar and
then greater than foo.
Is it the same as this one?
>> Jem Young: Not necessarily,
because if you do it the other way around.
So, what you're asking
is correct the wrong,
this to foo, then type that to baz that.
Not necessarily the same way.
Wait, which
>> Speaker 3: Can I see this slide?
>> Jem Young: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Foo would be the last one.
>> Jem Young: Foo would be the last one.
>> Speaker 3: Or this one,
yeah, that's the same, yeah.
>> Jem Young: So no, this is saying,
I'm gonna execute bar.
So bar is our configuration file,
we'll gonna execute bar.
All the output there,
we're gonna send it to foo.
And then we're gonna write it to baz,
it's not the same thing as
reading the input from bar.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, I got it.
>> Jem Young: So
if we wanna say, cat bar, maybe.
Actually, that would work, too.
But this avoids running cat, which is
another process you'd have to run.
It's pretty small, pretty fast, but in
general you try not to run processes you
don't have to, especially when
the shell will handle it for you.
But that's an excellent question because
yes, they will do the same thing.
But tell me this doesn't look cooler.
Because you guys it's just like,
you show someone this and
they don't know what's going on.
To you it's simple, but if you've never
seen this before, this weird syntax,
you'll feel like, whoa,
this person is like a computer genius.
You're like yeah.
Yeah, I know.
So let's talk a bit about shells and
just, I'll jump ahead a little bit
because I want to give a shoutout
to cuz while we're here.
Dah-dah.
All right.
James.
Subsect.
He has a course entirely on bash,
Vim, regX shells.
He goes into so
much more detail than I would.
We're just getting the high level,
just the good parts.
He's gonna go into the nasty part too.
It's a course on Frontend Masters, so
if you're here, you get it for free.
I recommend checking that out.
I bet he answers questions like that,
on how to pipe things properly, and
he's a super nice guy.
So I recommend that.
Yes.
>> Speaker 4: We did have a question about
the difference between the pipe and
the lesson, I think.
Or, well, you're calling it.
>> Jem Young: The pipe and the lesson?
>> Speaker 4: Well, yes,
if you wanna check the chat.
>> Jem Young: I don't understand
the difference between pipe and input.
Yes, so pipe takes standard out from
one file and pipes it to the next file.
So it reads it.
The other way,
it's taking inputs from one file,
as in it's reading some of the file
contents and putting that in.
They're two different things,
because when a program writes,
it writes the standard out or
standard error.
So it's saying, I don't know whether
we wanna console log hello world on
those scripts,
that's gonna be piped to the standard out.
Versus reading from a file it
just reads the file directly.
That make sense, hopefully?
Yes.
Okay.
>> Speaker 5: It's not evaluated.
>> Jem Young: It's not, excellent,
yeah it's not evaluated.
Yeah it doesn't run that file, versus if
you pipe something, it runs the file,
pipes it back out.
Wish I had a whiteboard.
No, that wouldn't work here but
I would show standard out, standard in.
But if you understand those concepts of
has an output, has an input, has an error,
that's all you really need to know.
I'm saying that like trivially but
that's all you really need to
know about how to run pipe commands and
how to run even write shell scripts.